hi guys they are all like yours
would like to cremona 89 who speak to you today
I propose a very particular challenge
as for every death my girlfriend
my girlfriend will only undress
for you
but first to watch the videos
subscribe to the channel if not the video not
you can see it so sign up
I speak to the wit we start immediately with the
challenge hoping not to die of course
ok guys here we are on beat in four
prison operations of the team match
obviously it is part andria a bit seducing or
to not die they lack boasted poses like
that but having all twisted
let's start guys there one evening
so one of you died so it 's ok
studies such as put here crouched
quiet 12 after I kill myself
then here they are grandfather died
ok the first went the turin gone
stealth
ok there is another one outside the house ad
get that killed my friend
but let 's all be a heck am I
all off
all shooting here is milk dies
because the number two given jury of the
sedan fools behind in fact vaffan
bathroom are all here so when
come idiot where you are here i have a
great he had won chase killings
if we stay here ever with the little girl a
so much more so fortunately there is none
more studied also my friends then in
theory should be enough of
homeland thing they don't have to get there from
behind how can I not want to
announced the two bombs on the city here
where this really is to a target
managed kill me chair someone says
markets to the world cup sniper that is
matt 8 metalità or via da via da
we cleanse ourselves because I do n't give the bag
medical because they are gender
a course of less Koranic only then
so you are born from there so you will open up
left by the stairs I wait for you
obviously when I look at a moron
he died when another died also
he live at 10 of life 10 of life
camper I call fifth what's wrong
seen as made not see me double
double kill and now we're here repaired
Taranto
waiting for life to recharge e
that I listen to they remove the lights 99 100 ok
one hundred we go
that there is this part of the test I do not have
caught head when I killed I have
made the filotto from who maybe I can to
don't die like that with the hell that
see my girlfriend when moulting
of another risk that it should be
the tenth 10 kills finally guys
down of jesus but go go remains screwed of
incisions in a row of this is a great one
game anyway so go now
we hope to resist again we are a
about half
no no from behind this lousy
now who says it
beautiful my girlfriend yes yes i know me
sorry then maybe dogs but I'm single
and therefore has no girlfriend exists and
has already prepared I know I don't know I think so
deviates from insulting me like a dog because
he says I wanted to see that he is naked this is
a video parody for all of them
youtubers that continue so many times
in many week desk to put on
ridiculous with these races to those who do
makes it more ridiculous at the level
extreme to every time he makes a
video game usually call of duty noted
barcelò so I did it with
battlefield boys but it's ok to do one
twice twice then fourth then tired
part the fact that you copied each other
so one eats nutella or d'orsi
painting the face another I don't know yes
butt somebody but they do n't do much
then laugh from a new 8 2 then
just say here continues it goes on from
months and months with this stupid but
get bored high you don't need to go
ridiculous this way I want
to say
and you who look at them also the macaques but
you have lost five minutes 6 minutes of the
your life to see one you do n't know
even though if there if you do not
you didn't even know if she would have undressed
truly 1 year you will have available
on the internet a myriad of videos that don't
they only show girls who get naked
but even that they do a lot
other when well beyond the simple
undress and true that no one has
offended obviously not
there is the slightest intention has only so
so for a moment so so
take it as a jack ass
put thumbs up on sam liked al
video sign up for the channel seriously
this time not
first and see you at the next video
Hello